report_at -pin U8:a -early -rise 
report_at -pin U8:a -late -rise 
report_at -pin U8:a -early -fall 
report_at -pin U8:a -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U8:a -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U8:a -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U8:a -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U8:a -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U8:a -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U8:a -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U8:a -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U8:a -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U8:a -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U8:a -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U8:a -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U8:a -late -fall 
report_at -pin U8:o -early -rise 
report_at -pin U8:o -late -rise 
report_at -pin U8:o -early -fall 
report_at -pin U8:o -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U8:o -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U8:o -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U8:o -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U8:o -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U8:o -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U8:o -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U8:o -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U8:o -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U8:o -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U8:o -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U8:o -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U8:o -late -fall 
report_at -pin U6:a -early -rise 
report_at -pin U6:a -late -rise 
report_at -pin U6:a -early -fall 
report_at -pin U6:a -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U6:a -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U6:a -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U6:a -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U6:a -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U6:a -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U6:a -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U6:a -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U6:a -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U6:a -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U6:a -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U6:a -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U6:a -late -fall 
report_at -pin U6:o -early -rise 
report_at -pin U6:o -late -rise 
report_at -pin U6:o -early -fall 
report_at -pin U6:o -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U6:o -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U6:o -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U6:o -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U6:o -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U6:o -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U6:o -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U6:o -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U6:o -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U6:o -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U6:o -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U6:o -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U6:o -late -fall 
report_at -pin U5:d -early -rise 
report_at -pin U5:d -late -rise 
report_at -pin U5:d -early -fall 
report_at -pin U5:d -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:d -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:d -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:d -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:d -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:d -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:d -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:d -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:d -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:d -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:d -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:d -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:d -late -fall 
report_at -pin U5:ck -early -rise 
report_at -pin U5:ck -late -rise 
report_at -pin U5:ck -early -fall 
report_at -pin U5:ck -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:ck -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:ck -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:ck -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:ck -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:ck -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:ck -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:ck -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:ck -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:ck -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:ck -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:ck -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:ck -late -fall 
report_at -pin U5:q -early -rise 
report_at -pin U5:q -late -rise 
report_at -pin U5:q -early -fall 
report_at -pin U5:q -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:q -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:q -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U5:q -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U5:q -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:q -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:q -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U5:q -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U5:q -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:q -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:q -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U5:q -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U5:q -late -fall 
report_at -pin U4:a -early -rise 
report_at -pin U4:a -late -rise 
report_at -pin U4:a -early -fall 
report_at -pin U4:a -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U4:a -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U4:a -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U4:a -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U4:a -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U4:a -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U4:a -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U4:a -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U4:a -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U4:a -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U4:a -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U4:a -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U4:a -late -fall 
report_at -pin U4:o -early -rise 
report_at -pin U4:o -late -rise 
report_at -pin U4:o -early -fall 
report_at -pin U4:o -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U4:o -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U4:o -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U4:o -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U4:o -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U4:o -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U4:o -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U4:o -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U4:o -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U4:o -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U4:o -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U4:o -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U4:o -late -fall 
report_at -pin U3:a -early -rise 
report_at -pin U3:a -late -rise 
report_at -pin U3:a -early -fall 
report_at -pin U3:a -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:a -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:a -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:a -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:a -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:a -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:a -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:a -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:a -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:a -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:a -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:a -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:a -late -fall 
report_at -pin U3:b -early -rise 
report_at -pin U3:b -late -rise 
report_at -pin U3:b -early -fall 
report_at -pin U3:b -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:b -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:b -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:b -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:b -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:b -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:b -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:b -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:b -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:b -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:b -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:b -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:b -late -fall 
report_at -pin U3:o -early -rise 
report_at -pin U3:o -late -rise 
report_at -pin U3:o -early -fall 
report_at -pin U3:o -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:o -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:o -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U3:o -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U3:o -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:o -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:o -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U3:o -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U3:o -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:o -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:o -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U3:o -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U3:o -late -fall 
report_at -pin U2:a -early -rise 
report_at -pin U2:a -late -rise 
report_at -pin U2:a -early -fall 
report_at -pin U2:a -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:a -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:a -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:a -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:a -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:a -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:a -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:a -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:a -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:a -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:a -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:a -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:a -late -fall 
report_at -pin U2:b -early -rise 
report_at -pin U2:b -late -rise 
report_at -pin U2:b -early -fall 
report_at -pin U2:b -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:b -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:b -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:b -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:b -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:b -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:b -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:b -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:b -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:b -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:b -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:b -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:b -late -fall 
report_at -pin U2:o -early -rise 
report_at -pin U2:o -late -rise 
report_at -pin U2:o -early -fall 
report_at -pin U2:o -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:o -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:o -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U2:o -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U2:o -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:o -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:o -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U2:o -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U2:o -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:o -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:o -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U2:o -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U2:o -late -fall 
report_at -pin U1:d -early -rise 
report_at -pin U1:d -late -rise 
report_at -pin U1:d -early -fall 
report_at -pin U1:d -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:d -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:d -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:d -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:d -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:d -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:d -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:d -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:d -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:d -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:d -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:d -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:d -late -fall 
report_at -pin U1:ck -early -rise 
report_at -pin U1:ck -late -rise 
report_at -pin U1:ck -early -fall 
report_at -pin U1:ck -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:ck -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:ck -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:ck -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:ck -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:ck -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:ck -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:ck -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:ck -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:ck -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:ck -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:ck -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:ck -late -fall 
report_at -pin U1:q -early -rise 
report_at -pin U1:q -late -rise 
report_at -pin U1:q -early -fall 
report_at -pin U1:q -late -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:q -early -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:q -late -rise 
report_rat -pin U1:q -early -fall 
report_rat -pin U1:q -late -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:q -early -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:q -late -rise 
report_slack -pin U1:q -early -fall 
report_slack -pin U1:q -late -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:q -early -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:q -late -rise 
report_slew -pin U1:q -early -fall 
report_slew -pin U1:q -late -fall 
report_at -pin in1 -early -rise 
report_at -pin in1 -late -rise 
report_at -pin in1 -early -fall 
report_at -pin in1 -late -fall 
report_rat -pin in1 -early -rise 
report_rat -pin in1 -late -rise 
report_rat -pin in1 -early -fall 
report_rat -pin in1 -late -fall 
report_slack -pin in1 -early -rise 
report_slack -pin in1 -late -rise 
report_slack -pin in1 -early -fall 
report_slack -pin in1 -late -fall 
report_slew -pin in1 -early -rise 
report_slew -pin in1 -late -rise 
report_slew -pin in1 -early -fall 
report_slew -pin in1 -late -fall 
report_at -pin in2 -early -rise 
report_at -pin in2 -late -rise 
report_at -pin in2 -early -fall 
report_at -pin in2 -late -fall 
report_rat -pin in2 -early -rise 
report_rat -pin in2 -late -rise 
report_rat -pin in2 -early -fall 
report_rat -pin in2 -late -fall 
report_slack -pin in2 -early -rise 
report_slack -pin in2 -late -rise 
report_slack -pin in2 -early -fall 
report_slack -pin in2 -late -fall 
report_slew -pin in2 -early -rise 
report_slew -pin in2 -late -rise 
report_slew -pin in2 -early -fall 
report_slew -pin in2 -late -fall 
report_at -pin in3 -early -rise 
report_at -pin in3 -late -rise 
report_at -pin in3 -early -fall 
report_at -pin in3 -late -fall 
report_rat -pin in3 -early -rise 
report_rat -pin in3 -late -rise 
report_rat -pin in3 -early -fall 
report_rat -pin in3 -late -fall 
report_slack -pin in3 -early -rise 
report_slack -pin in3 -late -rise 
report_slack -pin in3 -early -fall 
report_slack -pin in3 -late -fall 
report_slew -pin in3 -early -rise 
report_slew -pin in3 -late -rise 
report_slew -pin in3 -early -fall 
report_slew -pin in3 -late -fall 
report_at -pin clk -early -rise 
report_at -pin clk -late -rise 
report_at -pin clk -early -fall 
report_at -pin clk -late -fall 
report_rat -pin clk -early -rise 
report_rat -pin clk -late -rise 
report_rat -pin clk -early -fall 
report_rat -pin clk -late -fall 
report_slack -pin clk -early -rise 
report_slack -pin clk -late -rise 
report_slack -pin clk -early -fall 
report_slack -pin clk -late -fall 
report_slew -pin clk -early -rise 
report_slew -pin clk -late -rise 
report_slew -pin clk -early -fall 
report_slew -pin clk -late -fall 
report_at -pin out1 -early -rise 
report_at -pin out1 -late -rise 
report_at -pin out1 -early -fall 
report_at -pin out1 -late -fall 
report_rat -pin out1 -early -rise 
report_rat -pin out1 -late -rise 
report_rat -pin out1 -early -fall 
report_rat -pin out1 -late -fall 
report_slack -pin out1 -early -rise 
report_slack -pin out1 -late -rise 
report_slack -pin out1 -early -fall 
report_slack -pin out1 -late -fall 
report_slew -pin out1 -early -rise 
report_slew -pin out1 -late -rise 
report_slew -pin out1 -early -fall 
report_slew -pin out1 -late -fall 
report_at -pin out2 -early -rise 
report_at -pin out2 -late -rise 
report_at -pin out2 -early -fall 
report_at -pin out2 -late -fall 
report_rat -pin out2 -early -rise 
report_rat -pin out2 -late -rise 
report_rat -pin out2 -early -fall 
report_rat -pin out2 -late -fall 
report_slack -pin out2 -early -rise 
report_slack -pin out2 -late -rise 
report_slack -pin out2 -early -fall 
report_slack -pin out2 -late -fall 
report_slew -pin out2 -early -rise 
report_slew -pin out2 -late -rise 
report_slew -pin out2 -early -fall 
report_slew -pin out2 -late -fall 
report_at -pin clkout -early -rise 
report_at -pin clkout -late -rise 
report_at -pin clkout -early -fall 
report_at -pin clkout -late -fall 
report_rat -pin clkout -early -rise 
report_rat -pin clkout -late -rise 
report_rat -pin clkout -early -fall 
report_rat -pin clkout -late -fall 
report_slack -pin clkout -early -rise 
report_slack -pin clkout -late -rise 
report_slack -pin clkout -early -fall 
report_slack -pin clkout -late -fall 
report_slew -pin clkout -early -rise 
report_slew -pin clkout -late -rise 
report_slew -pin clkout -early -fall 
report_slew -pin clkout -late -fall 
